The Christmas week.
===================

We left Friday evening, 2 days ago, to head to FL. The place was to
stop in Cumming for the evening to stay with my parents, then get on
the road early yesterday.
From the time we pulled out of the driveway all the way to south of
Atlanta danae was throwing up. We ended up having to turn around.

I’m not entirely sure we’re going to head to FL. Although I would like
to go, we’ll see if Danae can handle it…

It’s looking like I will have acquired all the necessary tools for
time management, goal pursuits, and financial management. Thereby
setting 2008 to be a potentially strong year.

Figuring out my tools and how they all finally sync, I feel like I’ve
finally become integrated. Now what I want to do is put these tools,
insight, and disciplines to work.

If I were to think of ‘worldly blessings’ I would consider that I am
one of the most blessed and potential to hold some significant
influence in a vain world. Being that I am a white, male, athletic,
tall, good looking, educated, American.
Lord, I feel a tremendous sense of responsibility to use these natural
glories and gifts unto Your glory. Watching the movie Two weeks notice
last night how this girl went from a high profile job into the poor
legal aid section of the town to help out the less fortunate. While
I’m not opposed to taking on the form of a servant, I want to do it
the way you called me, not simply to get out of an influencial
position b/c I feel bad. That would feel like me wishing to be born
somewhere else or as another race. Those are not the choices I was
given. As I was born this way, I am asking God how may I serve Him to
the full stewardship of His desire for my life.
