Note to fam - reinvention
=========================

Family,

You may or not recall that Danae and I set a word over 2009;
"Re-invention". That term initially started in my mind as converting
our financial behavior from Spenders to Savers. I wanted us to feel
that was truly a characteristic of our financial management.

However, if that word was from us or from the Lord, it has taken
shape, grown and evolved to encompass our entire lives.

Life has taken so many new developments and we're still trying to
adjust to the new life in Denver and the busy schedules we are now
living. In Nashville, all we had was time and I think you would agree
by recalling the many pet topics I studied and tinkered on. I loved
that season of solitude, but that season has come to a close for the
time being.

So all that to say that we think of you and talk of you often and miss
you. While we are enjoying this new life, I wanted to write and let
you know I want to figure out ways to keep our connection.

I'm starting my second week of my new job. So far it's going great.
It's funny how I was working toward this Art Director role for the
last 10 years and when I finally give up and move on I am given the
chance in a great environment to do so. I'm learning so much and
looking forward to it continuing.

However, it's been an interesting mix of thoughts and emotions with
the transition out of the season of wilderness and still trying to
adjust to a completely new life as an husband, employee, parent,
business owner, and student. Danae knows that I've still been trying
to adjust to being a parent, I haven't yet figured out how to keep the
`husband' part of the relationship as clear. All home life is
parenting and Danae and I have been really searching for how to keep
our relationship in tact.

Dave W.
- He knows those who trust in Him.
