Strategies and Salons
=====================

NOt sure where I left off so I’ll just write what has been happening

AMB3R has been growing to the point that we’re looking to hire someone
to help Jeremy on the day to day. It’s pretty wild that we’ve had as
much activity as we have had. I feel tremendously blessed.
My first week for Ouray had me fly to CA for a trade show. I met up
with Pete Stogner and we talked about the idea of him being that
person. I didn’t realize until then just how bad it was for him with
work that he was willing and prepared to move out of CA.

I have been having fun working at Ouray. My bosses Jon and Ryan are
not as much entrepreneurs but finance guys who planned to buy multiple
businesses for their growth strategies. After two years they are
realizing that it’s not panning out like they planned so they are
having to consider organic growth – my specialty (I think). I think of
organic growth as systematic growth steps that build the foundation to
capture the growth.

The same professor (Dan Sweeny) who introduced me to Ouray contacted
me a few weeks back about attending another meeting with a different
entrepreneur. A group of 5 of us had lunch yesterday to meet Matt
Walsh and hear about his vision to create the Starbucks of Salons. He
has one store and is in the process of trying to find ways to
franchise them.
We met for about an hour and had some good talks. I told him I’m very
much in favor of franchises and that I’d like to own more than one if
I were to be involved.

So all that to say, I feel like Grad School has already become a
success in that I’ve taken a job that pays me $104k a year and have
other exciting opportunities like the Salon that are being brought to
my attention.
