Context and definition (Introduction)
=====================================

I. The Goal

Introduction
Preface Objective: Trying to create some context, definition and frame
of reference at how to be spiritual.

Book's Mission: I want to show you that the very thing you internally
want to do is actually a revelation of the power of Christ in you.

You need to know where you stand before you can leave that place. If
you don't understand or develop a contrast it's nearly impossible to
leave a place or recognize when you have.

I'm in the tee shirt business. It has it's pluses and minuses. It's a
fun, creative, and fresh environment. However it's not as much of a
science as you might expect. There are many little things that, if
they all happen, can turn into big deals.

I pride myself on working to make tees to arrive on time and under
budget. Sometimes that doesn't always happen. Usually I get a call
with 10 days before the event and they want them printed and
delivered, but don't want to pay any extra shipping charges.

Over the years I've learned that I need to prep my customers for the
realities of making apparel. I just assumed they knew what I knew.
After all, truth be told sometimes I wonder why I have a job. The tee
business while multiple departments, is a pretty easy task to get
made.

So I do my best to explain how the mills may be short on inventory. or
that the printer may be backed up during this summer season. Or that
the artist they want to use is off on a summer tour somewhere.

When it comes to something as meaningful as our spiritual journey I
find that context and perspective are so much more important. Any
married person knows how simple statements or questions can be
misunderstood if the angle is not understood initially.
I want you to see my angle.

If you find that you agree with the angle, then you may be more
inclined to see why I find the majority of the christian gatherings i
attend weak and difficult to sit through.
My hope is to put to words what the Spirit is already telling you.

====

You have probably also encountered a funny story about a group all
huddled together working on something and come to find out their goal
was messed up (STORY EXAMPLE)

Let me through out a speculation here. If you and I went to any street
corner and asked people what the purpose of life was; I bet in so many
words we would find the majority of people define it as living for
happiness, pleasure, and fulfilment of themselves, their loved ones,
and a higher power.
You would hear those statements in all sorts of explanations. That's
written in us for various reasons.

That is the goal of my life. I want to live it with no regrets. That
includes experiencing new things. Loving and serving my family to the
point they know it. And living unto the Glory and honor of God.

If you're like me, you probably just glazed over that last part
because you've read it before. I needed to state it because I hope to
through out some ideas that may challenge your initial beliefs about
faith, living, and christianity as you know it.

We have one life to live I want to live it to the fullest and I want
you to as well. I believe there is a way to experience such that life
more than you may know.

===
Objective: You have one life to live and I advocate doing it right.

With the competing sects and conflicting messages even within the
church and our spiritual leaders, who's to say what is the path and
the way? At the the day it many times comes down to faith having to
say "I did all I could" and that's the best I could do.

I happen to believe that the pursit of peace love and happiness is
attainable in Jesus Christ.

While we don't want to say it, we will usually do as much for the
eternal as we can handle. Kind of like investing in our 401k. we don'
really know if it's enough. I'm trying to show that you can know.

"The narrow way"

For those of us who believe we are living and interacting in two
dimensions, there is a strange balance that We believe there are 2
that our actions will influence the next life.

Common sense to christians is that we Love God and People while
keeping it up that I like doing that.

The Law is in our hearts and that is not faith. I cor 2 explains
something that we would need the faith for.
