Since last application...
=========================

I have gained much in these past months as an applicant. I completed
my Masters of Science in Finance which has given me confidence and
tools, such as discounted cash flow and pro-forma models. The Masters
adds quantitative skills to my conceptual strengths for a more
holistic understanding of business. Additionally, my contributions to
rebuilding a bankrupt company were validated when Ouray won South
Denver’s 2011 small business of the year award from a pool of
over 1,300 nominees. In the area of business mentorship, I helped my
friend Jeremy step into a significant leadership role within the
company we founded together.

Jeremy brought excellent technical skills to manage the specifics of
apparel production but he did not have any business or management
experience. During the course of working together I shared with him
how I was building our business. Initially he was uninterested,
preferring to focus on technical activities. But over time Jeremy
acquired a genuine interest in entrepreneurship, demonstrated by
working with an increasingly positive attitude, allowing him to see
problems viewed as opportunities. Through this process, I learned how
to be a better mentor by supporting Jeremy and allowing him to learn
from his mistakes and decisions. In August, after three years of
working side by side, Jeremy was prepared and promoted to President of
the million dollar company we started.

This summer I also built three websites from scratch to familiarize
myself with the way communication occurs online. The internet is here
to stay and while English is the language of commerce, HTML is the
language of Ecommerce. I do not intend to code my way to the top, but
I am working to know the languages being spoken, to ensure my thoughts
and ideas are clearly communicated online.

Even though I had hoped my wait-listed status would have enabled me to
join the class of 2013, I found the season of accomplishment and new
beginnings to be extremely revitalizing. I am thankful for the
opportunity to take a step back and contemplate the amount of activity
that has occurred before embarking on the next chapter of personal and
professional life.
