The 501c3 and The Body
======================

Intro

1. Definitions

  * 501c3
  * The Church which is his body

2. People are unique and predictable

  * Meyers Briggs
  * Past, Scars, Stories, and Their Journey

                       Theology points of View

1. Christ is our Life

  * His life is in us, not in a book
  * Christ is in all and through all.

2. Grace is on what we stand

  * The escalator theory
  * There is always more grace than sin

3. The Purpose of earth

  * God’s glory
  * Loosing ourselves

                        Church as it should be

1. Programs are not sacred

2. There is more than one way to worship

  * Arts, music, thought, word, & action

3. Don’t ask for 10 talents if you can’t handle 5.

4. The narrow way is not for the passive.

  * Churches are to gather the narrow road journeymen.
  * The broad way can diffuse those who love the Lord

5.The body alive and well. For when Christ is at the center, you are
exactly where He wants you to be. He is leading and guiding and
calling you to a purpose he set out for you. On the outside it may
appear that it’s not going well, but that is from an earthly
perspective.

                            Moving Forward

1. The day and age we live in

  * Flat screen tvs can bring people together
  * We can communicate with technology
  * While projectors are cool, they hold no spiritual substance

2. The rooms / menu church

  * If there is grace on which we stand, then we can let the body
    speak
  * If the body is alive and passionate about knowing and growing
    together unto the glory of God, they can contribute to the
    congregation
  * It’s okay to have a big church, but don’t rely on one person to
    feed the flock
  * The church leaders should be the servants, which are the
    facilitators more so than the figureheads.
  * create a new program structure called ‘menu’ church to reach out
    to all people at all walks of life.

Issues with things like this:
http://auburn-doesnt-need-another-church.com/

well, that it is off center. it promotes systems. and environments as
the solution to a ‘bad church’
but, only the leadership are those who create and design those

You are creating a program ‘environment’ for someone to come in and
‘observe’ not connect. They say it’s connect, but it’s to listen and
watch.
Then if you want to contribute, as Danae did, she wasn’t allowed to
sing – not because of her heart, but because she didn’t fit the sound.
However, we know she sings great, just not good enough.

Christ dwells in People are the life, not the programs that the
professionals create. But connecting to a church is by being apart of
this club. They are relying on their systems to get people into the
doors instead of using the public gathering as an opportunity for the
body to be fed by christ in one another.

By indirectly implying that the professionals have some sort of
special priviledge you are develop those thoughts in people saying
’i’m not for the ministry’.

I’ve been to enough mega churches to know that you don’t know or
connect to anyone without being on staff, or volunteering as
leadership. What does that mean for the common attendee? Who are we
kidding by creating these obsure environments where people can go
largely ignored. if people are coming to church, it’s because they:

  * need or want to know about God
  * Want to connect with someone
  * Looking for help
    Why let those who come out of obligation continue to do so? That
    is not the narrow way or mentaility.
