Letter to Jon about compensation
================================

Jon,
Thank you for the time last week.
I am extremely excited about our future and what we are developing.
I wanted to followup and confirm my compensation for services with
Futureshirts.

You commented that you would give me 50% of the company if I were to
establish 3 design studios. I took that to mean we would be 50/50
ownership of Futura, INC... Or at least the Design Studio division,
and then break it off to be it's own entity. Can we define what "50%
of the company" means and have that in writing and signed before I
begin the heavy lifting.
Is that something you would be willing to draft by the end of March?

Secondly, In December you had adjusted my pay to go from base +
commission, to a `soft draw' where my commissions only takes after I
reach sales of $20,000.

Over the last 3 years my job title went from Sales Director, to
Account Executive, to Product Developer. (I don't know if you had any
preferance, but as an employee it helped knowing how to describe my
job to the in-laws.) My compensation did not change, and therefore
neither did my quota of $20,000 a month in sales. I have been flexible
with the unique challenges over the last 3 years because I have been
well compensated in the range of $50k - $60k.

In looking over 2007 sales, I had six months above the $20,000 quota,
and six months below. While I admit I didn't maintain the quota each
month, last year total sales were aproximately $282,000 without my
biggest client. I have hit at least 240,000 in sales for the last 3
years, with 2008 looking to accomplish it as well.

While I understand the rationale for taking me to a sole sales based
incentive, I would like to submit that in developing the "Denver
Office Plan" (DOP) and beginning it in incubation, my current role is
one of touching on all aspects of the business including, but not
limited to: Sales, Marketing, Operations, Employee hiring and
training, Retail Development, Lease negotiation, Production
management, financial management, Systemization, Manual writing, and
more.

While these duties may be self initiated, we agreed that the DOP is
futureshirts best growth strategy. Our other sales come by supporting
the traditional model of current Product Developers - Jade, Rick, Sy,
TIffani, Kevin, and others.

I'm not sure `product developer' best describes my forthcoming
responsiblities. I would be curious if you would consider that my role
warrants a more suitable title. If I am responsible for every aspect,
would that make me something of Jr. executive or VP of the forthcoming
retail division? I am not sure when or how you have thought of me
eventually taking over the company, but this feels like a logical
step...

After developing the DOP and planning to implement with limited
supervision, I feel the stated job duties justify an annual salary of
$50 - 60k regardless of my sales performance. While I am in agreement
that I should have some compensation tied to sales performance, I am
doing other substantial and curcial business development initiatives
that are not directly connected to sales.

I would request that we renegotiate my current compensation model to a
base + commission.
I am open to a $30,000 a year base plus the sales I and my offices
generate, or any other combination you would like to discuss that
totals at least $60,000 a year.

Respectfully,
Dave

ps - what do you think of this for a retail store logo? Works for
lighted signs, embellishments for samples, stickers and more!
