# Dear Dennis,

_9/19/7_

Radio personality Dennis Prager had a discussion yesterday (September 18) asking "What is the purpose of religion? Is it to comfort or instruct? Set standards or dispense compassion?"

You can here the show online or via Podcast here :

I wrote this letter to Dennis in response

Hi Dennis,

In my humble opinion, I believe you are not seeing the bigger picture.

I believe you would remember that Lucifer was booted from heaven for
thinking he could be like the Most High. You would also agree that he
was not made in the image of God.

When God made man, He didn't lower the bar, He raised it and made us
in His image.
But in order to keep us from thinking we were God, He had us take a
side step from heaven to prepare us for holding His eternal glory.

Let me tell another story about Moses hanging out in Heaven for 40
days. When God said it was time to go, Moses didn't want to. God said,
"You can't stay here, but you can try to have heaven on earth if you
like" Moses thought that was acceptable alternative so he looked
around and noticed that there was no murder, or theft, or lying, or
disrespect and started taking notes.

When he came back he told the people that he had a way to live like
God in heaven. People agreed and said "we will do it!"

But after several thousand years of trying to live like heaven in all
it's righteousness, Man has discovered we're not very good at it. Of
course we can keep trying, or we can ask God if there was another
reason He suggested Moses to bring Heaven's culture to earth.

After a few thousand years of us trying to keep the rules, God finally
thought we had enough trial and error. He didn't simply tell us we had
no power, He allowed us to come to that conclusion ourselves, The
reality was truly our own that we need something (some One) bigger
than ourselves to save us.

When Christ came He accomplished 2 things. First He set us free from
our debts by His Death in our deserved place. 2nd, He showed us how
were were going to be safe for heaven by giving us a proper
perspective from the start that we are not holding God's glory because
of anything we have done, but what He has done for us. (Even when we
were sinners!)

He revealed this mystery through Paul, that man has no power in
ourself and we need to see that when we hold God's glory in
eternity, you won't be tempted to take it as Lucifer was.

This mystery is so counter intuitive to our value system and desire to
be acceptable through performance. Christians can find acceptance, not
in ourselves, but in what Christ has done in and through us. Christ
will then give us the very power to live a moral standard which is
above the law out of desire and not duty.

Sincerely,
Dave