December 2008
=============

12/5/08... 4:26am
I take the GMAT in 3 and a half hours. It is up to the LORD if we are
to move again or we are here in Denver for all of 2009.

I still feel a tremendous weight of stewardship and this GMAT is part
of the bigger test of if I am where I should be (generally) or if the
Lord is still developing.

AMEN...

----------------------------------------------------------------------

12/8 New York, NY

I scored a 580 on the test. 50 points higher than my first attempt but
about 50 short of what I was aiming for. AMEN.
I'm sitting in NY after a solid day of travel yesterday to arrive for
my week long class on Wall Street. I am staying with some really sharp
young guys, an investment analysist, a women's designer for J.Crew,
and a Law Student.

I am at peace with the life the Lord is leading me in. I find the best
word to describe the motive is stewardship. This life is in the Lord's
hands for He is the one with the means to accomplish whatever He has
led me to.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

12/18 Ann Arbor, MI

Day 4 on the road trip checking out the 7 top schools. So far I have
seen Harvard, MIT, Wharton, and Darden. Harvard was amazing and no
doubt top of the list in my dreams.

I picked up dad today in Charlottesville and we just arrived in Ann
Arbor, MI to check out Ross tomorrow. I have had mixed emotions about
this whole experience and one thing is for sure; I will most
definitely need a miracle if I am going to get into any of these
programs. They require such a high standard GMAT that it's not even
funny how far off the mark I am. I am moving forward by faith and that
in the mercy and miracle of the LORD, I would be granted access.

However, it is not my will but His. I am praying to not lean on my own
understanding about the whole deal.

I just want to run with some top people and have a solid network
coming from school. So far I've meet two fairly solid guys in shane
and rhys, but that's about it.

Lord, I'm submitting my request for a miracle.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

_12/19 Chicago _

I met with Chicago and interviewed with Kellogg today. I have no idea
how these intro sessions have gone so far but I can say that my low
GMAT score has put a pretty severe mark on my application.

I feel I gave it my all and I am secure that the LORD is in control. I
can feel confident that I worked the last two months as hard as I can
toward this goal.

I am glad this 2nd to last phase is over. While I have the
applications left, we'll see how this pursuit goes. I give this to the
LORD.

I'm tired. I've enjoyed my time with dad who helped huge and paid for
the rental car, food and the remaining hotels.

Regardless of the outcome, AMEN... I give this to the LORD.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

12/20 Cincinnati
wow…. I’m sitting in the cincinatti airport ready to head
to FL. I have 10 days to submit these applications. I must say that I
have no idea what the future holds. My thought was that acceptance to
school would enable a solid job in Consulting and then we would move
to ATL. however I’m not so sure it’s going to work out
that way as I can’t even seem to get accepted. While I’m
emotionally drained, I k ow the lord is in control and I am not in
danger. He is and will continue to establish us.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

12/21 Naples, FL
Back in Naples and I'm resting before I dive back into the action. I'm
tired but I want to hear the LORD's voice and His direction in this.
I'm going to fill out 5 applications - Harvard, Wharton, Kellogg,
Ross, and Booth. I am doing it by faith and have no idea of my poor
GMAT is a total disqualifier. I know it's a significant liability but
if the Lord is gracious and His mercy true on this, I know I will be
accepted.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

12/22

I've been using Backpack for a year now and I am still hooked. Not
sure how I'd get off if I needed to, but since it's all going to burn
anyway... what's the difference.

I'm stilling in Naples for the first time to have a moment to consider
the events that have taken place over the last 4 months. Danae and I
had the discussion to look into top business schools because I just
wasn't sure if I would have remained at DU based on a pure MBA. (This
review helps me process...)
As I knew I would have to retake the GMAT, I enlisted in a 3 week
class and started studying in the midst of all other things going
on... Building AMB3R, Oscar, and studying for my DU studies.

I'm contemplating pushing back my application to the 3rd round in
order to give the GMAT another try. The LORD knows what I need and I
know He is leading us. I feel it may be a better chance to get
accepted in the 3rd round instead of craming and leaning on a 580 for
the 2nd round.
The benefits of pushing back the application are that I could have
more time to write my essays and to retake the GMAT.
The negative is that I would push back to a Round 3, but the timing
would not be as crucial if the GMAT were not strong.

Lord, this is Your life and Your plan. May I stop to listen. May we
hear from You.
-
12/23
I do not want to be controled by false feelings. It's crazy how the
pressures of life seemed to have evaded us the last 9 months, but feel
to be creeping back in. As if the Lord blessed us with a mountain top
year of rest in Denver. Our finances were not as tight and we had the
blessing of community and AMB3R's establishment.

I can't help but feel overwhelmed at the thoughts of life for 2009. I
can't tell if I should retake the GMAT and get a tutor and try in the
midst of everything else going on. I am already at the end of myself
and I'm not sure if that's what the whole point is. I have no strength
or confidence in myself that i could pull my 580 much more than
another 20 or 30 points. I'm going to be praying and asking for wisdom
here. Lord lead us.

I had some recent thoughts about our 904 jones. I'm not sure how that
is going to pan out and if our leasees will be able to purchase the
home. Lord knows what would happen if that fell through...
Lord I suppose we need more than one Miracle and more than one place
for You to take complete control.

1. Your Glory - You are God and we are Your children. You Love us and
care for us greater than we can comprehend. I call on Your mercy to
lead us, guide us and establish us in Your way. Lead us to a rock
higher than we could ever climb.

2. Our finances - I am loath to take on more debt but that seems to be
our pace lately. We had $4,000 from AMB3R this month and I suppose
that we need at least that moving forward.

3. GMAT - Should I retake it? Lord I know I am not capable of what You
can do. You in me can do an 800. AMEN! Lead me in Your wisdom and
truth of where and what I should do.

4. AMB3R - What are we doing and what should we do here? Lord, I need
Your Mercy to show us the way in which we shoudl go to establish,
efficiently and equitably.

5. DU - Lord, I just hold out my life and not sure what I should do
here. That here too you would establish me in understanding and truth.

Lord, I don't know if I am trying to buck against the life You are
leading on. Am I called to startup businesses? Am I called to stay in
Denver and attend DU? Only You know and I want to live at peace and
purpose instead of personal pursuits.
