Our Day (Dispensation of Grace)
===============================

Laying in bed one night Danae and I recently played a game of "what
are 10 things we have that people didn't 300 years ago?". Our answers
started with things like cars and electricity. Alarm clocks and
refrigerators.
Often I say and think of what a great time in the world to live. There
are so many luxuries that we have that others of time past didn't. I
find it even more of a tremendous blessing to recognize that we live
in a great nation. Not all can say that.

I know a few people who like to reminis about the good days of Matthew
Henery and company. How they knew God so well. Well I say that history
is viewed with a romantic bent. Every day has it's pros and cons.
Let's look at what we should do with what we have today. Let's not
wish for other times, circumstances, or experiences. Consider the
parable of the worker who buried his talent. He's the one who got the
smack down. Let's not bury our talents by comparing our lives to
others.

This is the day and age that God has placed us in. Here's a way I get
into the proper perspective. Think of being on a boat and it's
sinking. You have two choices; You can go down with the ship and say
it's not supposed to be this way. Or you can face reality and
recognize that times have changed and maybe they are different than
how people before you knew it.

I want you to step off the line of law and grace and I want you to
step into the reality that you live in the age of Grace.
